Lint execution on deprecated yml files is canceled (#2830)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
* Fixed an issue where an error message in **unify** was unclear for invalid input.
* Fixed an issue where running **validate** failed with **is_valid_integration_file_path_in_folder** on integrations that use API modules.

> * Deprecated integrations and scripts will not run anymore when providing the **--git** to the **lint** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed **lint** to skip deprecated content, unless when using the `-i` flag.
```
